So we built a basic app and we're putting data in our controlled defuser just as a side note if you
add curly braces name outside of the Stiv you see just call the braces name here because this part here
is not controlled by Eugenia's.
Of course we don't only want to output things we also want to react to input so we could have this name
be wrapped into a paragraph
like this and also have a button.
And here we could say change name and now we want to react to a change in name.
For this we need to listen to an event and view chess gives us a directive instruction we can place
in the template here which is named V on.
That's just a command view chess recognises which tells you chess.
OK I want to listen to some event.
If you want to listen to.
Then has to be passed as an argument which is done by adding colon and then the name of the event.
And here all medieval javascript events are supported like mouse enter mouse leave.
And of course also click then between the quotation marks.
We assign a value here.
We have to tell you Chez What's the name of the method you want to execute and we don't have any methods
here.
Now important Methot does not mean any javascript function here like change name this function can't
be targeted from within view Chia's or from within the template at least.
Instead we have to stay in the view chess world.
We have to stay in that beauteous instance.
And besides having data which we can output or manipulate.
I also want to have a methods object where we register all the functions we basically want to execute
from within our view Chia's world.
So here we could have changed name and that's normal javascript code again just a property and our methods
object which is or which holds a function as a value.
And in this function we now want to change this name.
And as I mentioned in the Getting Started section you chase gives us a magical way of accessing any
data or method or whatever we have in our view instance.
Normally if you were to write this name this would fail because this would not refer to our view instance
to our view instance object and even if it would the name is part of the state object but upon creation
view Che's merge has all our data properties all methods and some other things into a global instance
object and it gives us easy access to this object with this.
So this name will actually refer to the data name here and we can simply change name to Anna here and
if we do so and we had control enter.
If I click Change name.
Of course nothing happens because we now have to connect our created method here to our click listener.
So here we simply pass change name without parentheses just a reference to this function.
And if I had control enter now and I now click Change name you see this change to.
And that happens because Mujeres executed this method.
The method changed name viewed as a recognized that name was changed and it recognized that the output
name so it changed disp part of the dorm.
Only this part not the whole Dom only this part and I updated it to deaders how we can listen to user
input and how view chaced then reacts to changes like DS.